= Leaflet
Example Sinatra web application that models an online book store. A working example
can be eventually found at http://leaflet.heroku.com

Author:: Bob Nadler, Jr. (bnadler@cyrusinnovation.com)

== Development Notes
Built using:
* Ruby
* Sinatra
* Sequel

=== Installation / Running
Install dependencies using Bundler:
    bundle install

Run using rackup file, for example:
    rackup config.ru

=== Issues / Roadmap

Use GitHub issues[http://github.com/bnadlerjr/leaflet/issues] for reporting bug
and feature requests.

=== Patches / Pull Requests
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don’t break it in a future version
  unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history (if you want to have
  your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can
  ignore when I pull).
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

=== Project Layout
/doc::
    Project documentation. Can be generated using rake task.

/lib::
    Main project source code.

/test::
    All test source code and data samples.

config.ru::
    Rackup file.

Gemfile::
    Dependency management with Bundler.

Rakefile::
    Rake tasks for the project. Use "rake -T" to see a list of available tasks.

README.rdoc::
    This file.

== License
(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2012 Bob Nadler, Jr.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
